It was at this point where the distant rumbling of the bus and the clashing, 
derelict neon sign made our hero regret their decision to pursue a "life of 
delightful ambivalence in the echoing halls of Spaceport America".

The long, dusty highway stretched to either side, torn apart by the once-busy 
traffic of the now forsaken business. Only to the east could the hero make out 
the faint outline of a 12-seater bus, now empty of all but the operator.

The building before our hero stretched upwards just as equally as the road 
reached outwards. Its long, curvaceous design arched slightly forward, menacing 
with plates of mirrored glass and steel beams.
A low "ahem" broke the concentration of our protagonist.

A low, curdled voice began, "Welcome to Spaceport America...where space is no 
longer a frontier."

The speaking figure slumped, apparently exhausted by the greeting; its long, 
tired frame covered in a recognizable, but faded, gray and navy blue attire.

"Are you a new employee then?" the figure questioned, its posture deteriorating 
slightly.
"NO"
-	"Oh, I'm sorry, we're not accepting any visitors today, if you would like 
	some work, however, we're always looking for some more..." the figure 
	slumps further, "...employees."
"YES" 
-	"Right this way then, please."

The front doors, old and ill-kept, creaked loudly as the figure disappeared 
between them and into the darkness of the lobby. Following the figure into the 
building, the hero strode boldly into the mouth of the complex.

The crunching of old abandoned tile welcomed the hero as they entered the 
reception area. To the right of the door laid an open, semi-circular desk, 
enclosed by the arms of the waist-height wall that separated the visitors from 
the staff. At the desk, nestled between empty soda cans and fast-food boxes sat 
a large, cross-eyed woman. Her dark brown hair was tossed into an impossibly 
perfect bun atop her head as her thick glasses reflected the flashing of her 
monitor, which was, coincidentally, the brightest light in the room. Her pale 
pink dress shirt boasted stains of Mushu Pork and Slurm Cola. Pinned to that 
same shirt was a company-issued nametag reading, 
"TEMPERANCE, CORPORATE RECEPTIONIST". Strangely enough, the slumping figure had 
no such identifier on his person.

To the left of the lobby was a small seating area, behind which rose a pallid 
navy-blue and white wall suspending framed pictures of the corporation's 
history. Photographs of the founding family and early rocketry prototypes lined 
the once-grand wall. Beneath the photos were pleather chairs embroidered with 
the company's logo. Old issues of "Rocket Monthly" and "Flier's Digest" sat 
unused beneath a dim, barely flickering desk lamp, supposedly to have once been 
used for the purpose of reading.

At the door opposite the entrance waited the slouching figure, guarding against 
further exploration.  The wall surrounding the door was composed largely of 
glass, separated intermittently by white structural beams. The area beyond 
opened into a grand foyer, with a split circular staircase embracing a tall 
steel statue of the corporation's founder.

The figure ahead let out a small sigh as it motioned with its mostly-limp arm 
towards Temperance. The hero, slightly unnerved by this presentation, moved 
towards the curved desk.

"PAPERS?" issued Temperance, her eyes still focused on her screen.

Digging about in their bag, the hero felt around for their application, 
unassisted by the pale lighting of the room. After leafing across the plastic 
cover, the hero presented their application to the now-impatient Temperance.

Thumbing through each section, Temperance began to appear oddly focused on the 
paperwork.

"INSERT NAME HERE...graduated from INSERT COLLEGE HERE..." Temperance muttered 
to herself.

Temperance handed the folio back to the hero, eyes now snapped back to her 
flickering monitor.

"PLEASE FOLLOW THE SIGNS TO DEPARTMENT 002-00C," Temperance ordered, "YOUR 
DEPARTMENT HEAD WILL GIVE YOU FURTHER INSTRUCTION".

The figure at the door rose its head ever-so-slightly.
"Follow me, please".

Beyond the door and into the foyer was the statue with its right arm 
outstretched towards a small shining sun, barely within reach of the 
sculpture’s fingertips. The sun itself provided the only source of light in the 
area, casting the shadow of the corporation’s founder across the left-most of 
the two stairways which rose upwards into the levels above. Long 
inwardly-curved halls stretched to the far left and right of the entrance, 
lined with doors numbering 001-00A and beyond.

 Moving up the stairs, the air resounded with the clapping of each footstep. 
 Slowly arising to the second level, the design of the foyer became clear. Small 
 pinholes of light dotted the ceiling resembling stars, barely noticeable 
 before, but cast into broad, expanding constellations unfamiliar to our hero’s 
 memory. The upstairs area’s walkways were lit with long tracts of light along 
 the floor, illuminating the walls and ground, but leaving the starry ceiling 
 untouched. The design was reminiscent of the floor patterns which adorned the 
 majority of S.A.’s early spacecraft.

The upstairs area held two, previously unnoticed, elevator doors directly 
behind the stairs, the quality of which were difficult to discern in the present 
lighting. By the side of the doors sat a small, flashing console, seemingly in 
pristine condition when compared to the rest of the building. In addition, two 
large hallways spun off to either side of the stairs with their walls decorated 
with framed photos of the company’s inception, similarly to the seating area in 
the lobby. The figure stopped for a moment, concentrating, seemingly, on which 
direction to take.

At that moment, the sound of crashing footfalls came from down one of the 
halls. As the sound grew louder, it began to be accompanied by the worried 
voice of a woman shouting, “Sparky! Sparky, come quick!”

Before being able to slouch any further, the figure glanced upwards towards a 
hallway where a woman appeared from behind a long curving wall. Her short 
blonde hair bobbed about her head as she charged towards the pair at the top 
of the stairs. 

Almost tripping as she came to a sudden halt before the slouched figure, the 
woman spoke through exhausted panting, “Sparky,…Jeremy’s….jousting 
with…Gertrude again.”

Within an instant, the figure snapped itself upwards. With a newly impeccable 
posture, the figure rose itself above the other two to an almost impossible new 
height. 

Its eyes glowed with a new ferocious intent as it spoke softly, “Which way?”

The woman, now slightly recovered, pointed towards the hallway from which she 
had come. The figure, now remarkably imposing, nodded towards the woman and 
turned towards the hero.

“Your training starts now,” it spoke.

With a tacit understanding, the group began charging down the hall from which 
the woman had just arrived. Rows upon rows of doors flashed by as the group 
rushed down the hall. The doors themselves, were numbered in strange sequences. 
Doors “01C-87B” – “200-B00” flicked past the hero’s vision as the group raced 
onwards. The first-distant sound of violent arguing grew progressively louder.

Beyond the open door to “002-00C” was the sound of vicious discussion. The 
contestants were clearly engaged in a “no-holds-barred” match. Insults of 
family members and alike stemmed from the lips of both members, to which an 
astonished crowd of office workers watched.

“There’s no easy way to stop them now,” Sparky, formerly “the figure”, 
spoke under his breath.

Sparky looked to the hero and talked, “You’ll just need to pick someone and 
verbally joust them. Win or lose, that should stop things from getting worse.”



-	The player either picks Jeremy or Gertrude to verbally joust as a tutorial. 
	The other office member respects the player more for supporting their side 
	based on this decision.
-	OR if there is only one reputation score, upholding the generally more 
	“favorable” side might win reputation.
-	OR this idea is dumb and should be disregarded or changed.


	===The fight ends, and the player’s opponent responds in accordance with ===
	===their victory status.                                                 ===

“Good work” Sparky muttered, before slowly returning to his formerly slouching 
posture.


“So, you must be the newbie then?” The woman from earlier spoke to the hero.

“I saw Temperance send me an e-mail about our new hire just before these two,” 
the woman motioned towards Jeremy and Gertrude, “decided to get into a 
fight…The name’s Brandy, I’ll be your department head.”

A voice from the back of the room shouted, “Her office is the one with all the 
empty bottles!”
A chuckle from the crowd ensued, along with a disapproving look from Brandy.

The hero decided to take a look around the office at this moment.  Lining the 
walls were photos of exotic locations. Beaches at sunset, snow-crested 
mountaintops, and tropical waterfalls festooned the large, windowless room. 

Rows of large desks lied unattended by the now-distracted members of the 
department. At several desks were faint reminders of home. Photos of families, 
postcards, bobble heads, and other trinkets garnished the surprisingly well-lit 
office. Each desk in the room was paired with a partner desk, resting 
back-to-back in an effort to conserve floor space. The back of the office held 
a few larger, personal offices. One of which noticeably belonged to Brandy. In 
the office was a single desk, decorated with bottles of varying shapes, sizes, 
and alcohol content.

As the employees slowly began to move back to their work positions, Brandy 
turned again towards the hero, “This is the department of Inter-Departmental 
Trans-Office Communications.” 

“It’s a mailroom!” a voice called out in clarifying opposition.

Annoyed at the interruption, Brandy continued, “Your job here will be to direct 
office transgressions and requests to the appropriate personnel.”

“You’re the new errand INSERT GENDER HERE!” the contrary voice asserted.

Now ignoring the disruptions, Brandy said to the hero, “Go ahead and ask around 
if anyone needs any help. If we somehow get any new hires while you’re here, 
I’ll send them your way, they’ll be doing the same thing as you for now. If you 
need me, I’ll be in my office working.”


“She means drinking!” the voice remarked one last time.

-	At this point, the player should be able to open their game up for 
	multiplayer. New players can be interpreted story-wise as “new employees”.
-	Here, the player is left to go find new missions/quests to accomplish. 
	Occasionally, the player will receive a “storyline” quest from Brandy that 
	will advance the plot in general. At large, however, the player should be 
	slowly learning about the incredibly deteriorating condition of the company 
	and its treatment of its employees.

	===At this point in particular, the player should have accomplished a few===
	===missions and received enough reputation to be considered “part of the ===
	===team”.                                                                ===

As the hero entered Brandy’s office, the air was noticeably ripe with alcohol. 
Brandy, seated behind her desk, placed down a bottle of “Captain Philligan’s 
Rummy Ale” and turned her attention towards the hero. Brandy folded her fingers 
into a tent and began, “I hear you’ve been busy getting work done around here. 
That means you’ve probably heard about how this company runs things by now.”

The atmosphere seemed more serious than before.

“I’ve been here for the last 10 years, and not once has a single executive come 
down from upstairs. My only guess? They must have some sort of palace up there. 
Meanwhile, all of us are stuck down here in a minimum-wage windowless maze.”

Brandy leaned forward slightly, her brow now clearly furrowed in frustration, 
“We’re going to go up there and give those execs a piece of our mind”

Brandy, now clearly focused on the matter at hand continued, “But there’s one 
problem…those locks on the elevator doors won’t budge an inch. No matter what 
we try, we can’t get them to open up.”

Pausing for a moment, Brandy reached down into her desk, eyes diverted to 
searching for something within its confines. She proceeded, “Sparky thinks he’s 
found a way in through the electronic panels next to the doors”.

Brandy pulled a thin, violet folder file from her desk and placed it in front 
of her.

“Those panels are an extension of the locks on the elevator doors. If we can 
get into them with this,” Brandy opened the folder, “then we just might be able 
to get up to the top floors.

The folder, now open, presented a single page: an advertisement for Spaceport 
America brand Virtual Reality headgear.

“See the plug?” Brandy asked.

Glancing again at the paper, a now-noticeable cord extended from the headset 
down into a distinct three-pronged triangular pattern.

“That looks exactly like a port on the electronic panels. If you can get a few 
of these from R&D, we just might be able to get into the system and open up 
those doors.”


“Do you think you can do that for us?” Brandy questioned the hero.
 “NO”
-	“Not brave enough then? I’ll see about sending someone else, just keep 
	doing whatever you were doing before…and keep this quiet for now.”
“YES”
-	“Good, I knew I could count on you. Sparky’s waiting for you at the door to 
	the office, he’ll show you the way to R&D”

	===The player follows Sparky to R&D and recovers an ambiguous number of  ===
	===headsets.                                                             ===

	===The player then returns to Brandy with the headsets.                  ===

“Yes! You got them!” Brandy exclaimed.
“Now, we don’t have a ton of these to go around, but you should probably ask a 
few friends to go along with you, none of us know what this thing’s going to be 
like once you’re in.”

-	The player can now go ask other employees to join them into the virtual 
	space. The employees chosen should be a reflection of the player’s 
	reputation. Some employees might decline the invitation if the player is 
	not reputable enough. Other players should not be counted in this limit so 
	as to allow for unlimited (up to 28) player parties.


END OF ACT 1
